let us take the number 10 and count
It set bits first write
The binary representation of the number ten take number one
and write
It's binary representation
Now if we do bitwise and on the number
10 and one If the right most bit  is one
the result will be one
If the right most bit zero then the output will
be zero
If the result is one we need to increment the
set bit  count and do the same operation for the
next right Most bit and so on here
The right most bit is zero
So if we do bitwise and the output will
be zero so we don't need to increment this set
bit  count
Now we need to do the same operation for the
second right most bit
And how can we do that Either we can left
shift the number by one position and do the operation
Or we can right shift the number 10 by one
position and do the same operation
So here we can right shifted number 10 by one
position
Now we can see that the second right most bit
shifted one position to right and it becomes the right
Most bit
Now if we do bitwise and operation the result
will be one as both the bits are one
So increments set bit  count similarly right
Shift the given number and do the same operation until
the number become zero and finally returned the set bit
count.